#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass scrbook
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Conclusion
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The glider should during the launch have the highest possible lif coeffcient,
 because this parameter is signficantly for the launch height 
\begin_inset Formula $h_{2}$
\end_inset

, this however means that the pilot needs to be able to use the flpas correctly.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The drum radius should ideal decrease during the launch, therfor it is important
 to have wide drum so that the drum radius only slightly increases during
 the launch.
 The drumradius should ideally be adjusted to the wind conditions aswell
 as the glider.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It is benefitical to use a thin and highly elastic line.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In the acceleration phase the drag should be kept at a minimum, which is
 achieved by a highly steep dive and correct flap position.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It is important that the transition from the accelaeration phase to the
 climbing phase does not follow a to small radius, since then to high drag
 occurs.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
With increasing headwind it is possible that the force on the glider is
 becoming so large that the winch motor is stalling, this means that the
 lift needs to be reduced in order to move agaisnt the wind.
 In such a case a tremendous amount of energy can be stored in an elastic
 line, which will result in very large final height.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Termic has only a small influence on the final heigth, but is important
 in case of a line break.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Other sizes such as wing loading and wing area only has small impact on
 the final height.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
