#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass scrbook
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Procedure
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This thesis will look into several elements of a winch starts by using an
 elastic line under different conditions.
 There will be an analytical preface and then a simplified simulation of
 a winch start and then with a following test setup and then the result
 will be compared and from this hopefully a conclusion can be drawn and
 future work outlined.
 In this chapter the procedure of the work to be committed with this thesis
 will be outlined and in the next chapter the implementation will take place.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Analytical solution
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A winch start implements already several parameters and degree of freedoms,
 and adding an elastic line, disturbance such as wind and thermals and a
 complex flying path with the zooming phase does not help to make this simpler.
 So an analytical solution needs to implements several simplifications and
 is therefore not of great use for this thesis.
 Analytical solution will however be used to evaluate some parameters, such
 as plane parameters to reduce the workload for the simulation and to easier
 evaluate effects of different parameters.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Simulation
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As mentioned above an analytical solution is innaccurate and hard to obtain,
 therefore a numerical simulation is neccesary.
 At chair of flight dynamics at RWTH-aachen there has been a made a quite
 complex tool in Simulink and matlab to analyze a winch start of glider
 based on the pilot input.
 The disadvantage with this is that the simulation is complex and not open
 source, which means that it is hard to implement new features and to share
 the result with others.
 Therefore the simulation part of this thesis will take a slightly different
 approach, simple numerical methods where the pilot input is ignored and
 only the ideal path is considered and that the glider it self will be simplifie
d with general formulas derived from the analytical part.
 This is since the thesis is a paper on parameters effects and optimalization
 rather than flight dynamics.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Which software the simulation is written in, shoukld not matter as long
 as it open source and therefore avalable to use for whom might find it
 useful.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Practical test
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The practical test of this thesis will be performed by others, since the
 plane and winch equipment is expensive.
 Hopefully analytical relations can be drawn from the results, and that
 effect seen by the simulation can be seen on the flight test aswell.
 The quality of the results is therefore extremely important since there
 will only be limited amount of practical test data to verify the result.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
